Require a local-part to be a valid email address in AUTOMAIL_RE. (#1165)
Python-Markdown/markdown: docs/change_log/index.md

* Make the `slugify_unicode` function not remove diacritical marks (#1118).
* Fix `[toc]` detection when used with `nl2br` extension (#1160)

> * Automatic Links do not treat missing local-part or domain as a valid email address (#1165).

Reviewer: I would suggest a small wording change:

```suggestion
* Automatic Links do not treat an email address with missing local part or domain as valid (#1165).
```

Author: The rewording suggests that `<@Uxxxx>` was intended to be an email address.  How about:

`* Automatic Links improve email address validation when processing @ inside HTML tags <>.`

Reviewer: That's even better.
